Why isn't your sister back yet?
Call and ask if he's late
Hey, I want to save Lin Xueying
Then come to the warehouse by yourself
If you dare to call the police
Then come and wait to collect his body
Why can't I get through?
Hey, it's alright.
Mercury just called me
It tastes real
You're dead.
Really not annoying
Husband, I'll go with you
No wife, you can spend more time with your mother at home.
Wife
I wanted to arrest your sister
But there has never been a chance.
I just caught you
Hahahahaha
Ah you let me go
Delusional.
Today, I hope you can play a good song.
you
Can move in front of me
No, you're here.
I'll tell you what.
I can't be a man
But I have the strength.
You bet on me
50 times a hundred times to give back